In this video, I will show you the solutions for the questions given in.
So I have some questions and the question of open records.
So let us solve them.
Right.
I will try and solve them.
So I hope you have done it already.
But just to confirm your results or if you have missed anything so you can understand me, you have
gone wrong, so let us do it.
I have first question here.
This is the first question, this recursive function, and this is called for a fourth one.
So we want the result of what the function of the written what is the result of a function if it is
called for.
So there is a function like recursive function Harborplace already have shown you.
So the tracing tree will be prepared.
Right.
So let us start preparing, tracing three F one.
So fossickers F of one then inside the function if you see there is a static variable.
So already in the video I have discussed about the static variables and recursive function they will
maintain on this single copy.
So this i.e. only one copy will be maintained.
So don't put it in the tracing separately.
Keep eye here.
So it is treated just like a global variable.
So it's values, one that said now stock if and this is greater than equal to 500 done in NSW, now
one and this one.
And there does not appear to court to fight the next step and assign and plus I so I will change it.
And this one.
So one plus I, I use one which one.
So N becomes homage to this is two and is two right now that eight plus plus.
So the it is static so here should become two.
I'm writing it here.
So I became two then written, written more often.
So again the function is called for the value of N.
So there's a recursive call.
So I plus there.
So I have not shown it to you if you want to it.
Right.
So I am taking all the steps now.
This one and this one.
And this one next is call for two and it's two function is call again for two then this is a declaration.
This is all because it is static, it is done only once.
Right.
So it is not done again.
Again, don't think that it becomes one.
If you're doing it then you get wrong answer.
That is static.
It is done only once, not right now.
The value of is to.
We are not in the first call, we are in the second column.
Yes, that is a static.
It remains as it is in the second column.
So yes then it is it doesn't equal the five as it an equal to five.
No.
Then these three steps.
So first step is work and assign and the plus I say what is n to what is I do.
So how much is enough.
Edness for the next step is a plus plus eight plus plus and minus three.
The next call again it's for fun of n what is in right now.
Four for now.
Let us do this step quickly.
This is what all the need is right now.
Three and is equal to five.
No it is not greater than or equal to five.
Done then then fine plus eight.
And is how much right now for so four plus I is how much.
Three.
So this is how much.
Seven then eight plus.
Plus so plus plus mix this.
As for then call function F off and what is then seven.
No, it comes here at seven seven greater than or equal to five, so this is great.
So do what Raytown and what does that seven written and so seven is written here then.
And this is a statement if you see this for that statement.
Right.
So what is written here written.
So whatever the result is that is written.
So seven is written from here also.
So it is seven here.
Then again it is the same statement, same statement from here only.
We have got so written from here also.
So this is written.
So this is seven.
So finally the answer for this one is seven.
So the result of this function is seven.
So if you have not maintained a single copy of A, then you might have got wrong results.
Right?
So this is the result that is valid.
Seven.
So answer for this is seven.
Let us look at second question.
So here is a program that is second question.
Of course it is a little and the let us trace this Froggatt.
See here, the main function and also a function for so main function is calling for.
So let us look at the data with most of the variables of main function.
So what are the variables of main function e which is having value to zero for eight then some, which
is having value zero.
And this belongs to me.
I like them here.
This belongs to me.
And the main function called for by passing A and some A and some so it goes into N and some goes into
that some first and foremost thing is it called a value called bitter.
Friends are called but address what it is.
This is called by value here.
Stars are not written, so it's not called Bertus and bosons are not there.
So this is not called by reference.
This is called a value.
So let us appraise this function for now.
So here, full escort.
So first value as to zero for it and some is zero.
So two variables and will have two zero four eight and some will be zero.
Then if any is equal to zero return, it's going to stop.
Redundant stop.
And this is why the time is not going to return any value redundance just to stop.
Then how many steps are there.
One, two, three, four, five steps are there.
So let us perform this a step further.
Step aside and the more the tenth.
So what will be the value of K more written.
How much it this if you divide into this number by then then the remainder will be eight smartarse eight.
The next step GFI and then divide by ten.
So G assign and divided by ten.
So that is to zero for eight.
So you divided by ten.
Eight will be gone.
It will be two hundred and four.
So we will not fall.
Some are saying some people are scared.
So what is the value of some zero sum plus a K?
So Zablocki So some will be Zablocki is how much?
Eight.
So some will be eight.
The next step, call it some for.
And some call it some form.
Gee, that is two zero 04.
And the sum is how much.
Eight then one more step in the game.
So this is a step that a lot of people are known because it has called itself so this will perform at
returning time.
So we will do it at same time.
So I'll just leave a line here.
Here we have the key.
So whatever the value of that, it will not not aggregate in time.
So let us continue with this call now, this call and this call, also same steps, same steps, so
kerosine, more tangible sign, divide written.
And in some case, I did so key.
A sign written for four G assign divided by 10 for 20 some assign some plus a K eight is a sum plus
four.
So this is 12 that call itself for mixed values.
That is G and some sort of 20 and 12 and also print that printing will be done afterwards.
So all the steps I have the one, two, three, four, five, one, two, three, four fifty one will
be done that time continuum.
And this one, this call it will make this call again.
These are steps so kesi in the mod so they demanded then is how much zettl and 20 divided.
But that is how much.
So that's two times divided.
Then someone signed some plus key.
Some is two plus two is it will only then call itself four G and some so to command twelve and also
it has to print.
I'll just remove this, it has to print but it will not be done now.
It will be done afterwards.
Now one more call.
So this one again, those are steps can be assigned and the mountain to mountain is how much to only
gasline and divided by ten.
Divided by ten.
So Gevalia will be how much.
Zero.
Then someone assign some BlueSky.
So some is right now twelve.
So in that two is that it.
So this becomes fourteen then one more call with the foo.
So I have to remove this also to just makerspace.
You know very well about this.
Then for one more call.
What is that G and some Zetterlund 14.
And also it has to print this will be done afterwards.
Now Discon miscall when it comes here and is equal to zero written.
This has to stop.
It will not go further.
This will stop, this call will not go further.
So it will come back to this call for what it has to do, remaining predicate.
So what is key to do is print and then this finishes this then is then then go back to the previous
column and perform this a step.
So what is the next step, Frank?
How much?
It is zero.
So this is zero.
Then this finishes go back to the previous call in this one.
So this is the remaining print game.
What is escape for print for?
Then go back to the previous call.
This is remaining so gave what is eight eight two zero four eight.
And this function ends its function ends so distressing as or it returns back to the main function is
the main function from here.
It was can't fool from here Toscana now next step.
But in some which some main functions, some how much it is zettl.
This is not change.
It became 14.
This was belonging to full function.
It doesn't belong to main function, main function some as Z only it is called what value.
It is not modified so friends some as Zettl.
Yes.
Does the answer to zero four eight and zero is a that.
If you got the answer then it is perfect.
If you can't answer that is to zero for eight and 14.
When you have mistaken, you thought that this is so much more defined.
We are adding this one note that is belonging to full function.
It's not related to this.
So this is not modified.
So that's all.
This is the tracing.
This is a little bit lendee because so many operations are there in the function and the result is two
zero four eight zero.
Now, let us look at third question.
Let us look at the third example.
Third question from quiz one, this is the program given the example.
So let us study this one.
Since the information I have not given in the question, but for explanation, I have written it here.
In description 17 is there, so it says that if he's having five and it is past one value by reference,
another value by value, so yes, he's there, this belonged to main function.
So let us draw it, OK?
B is having value five, then function F, it's scarred by passing P two times, but the first time
is by reference.
You remember this reference, right.
C++ reference then this is by volume one is by reference.
I don't know what it's about value.
So those two walk past so it is nothing but a P only pos.
No these are the statements so let us trace this one.
So right on that function f ok first one is X and the second one is called the value C in the tracing
function.
If it is by value, I have directly written the value.
So what is the value of a P five so that C will have the value five solid five year.
OK, I don't have great C but that X is a reference.
Don't try to fight there.
If it is reference, don't write it so that X is nothing.
But could this be only this would be only that P actually belongs to me in function.
This is the important thing in this function.
If you have understood this then you can trace it perfectly.
None of the first step C assign C minus one.
So what C become C was a five nine minus one.
When C becomes four, if a C is equal to zero, no.
Otherwise it should return one.
It's not zero then exercised X plus one.
So exercising X plus one means X will increment.
So what is this one.
So this should increment and it should become six.
I made it six then call functions one by F of X commerce C call again itself by passing F of X comma
c c is what for then.
Why I'm writing X because that X is nothing with reference to this B as a reference for this.
B every time when I say X I will come here.
OK then into X is there.
So I keep it as it is.
I will not take the value and multiply because it will not be multiplied right now.
Then the multiplication will be done at returning time.
It will be done.
So because this is done after getting the value then you can multiply the if you want to multiply now
right now X is almost six six in the what what will multiply.
So first of all, this value should be there, then it can be multiplied.
So don't wait six.
Let it be X only that time only we will see.
Well, it has to multiply that time, it will go to be the value.
OK, so leave it as it is, not discord.
We have to continue for that.
So this was the first call I have explained in detail, not meaning I'll just repeat them.
XCOM, for example, for C assigned C minus one.
So C becomes how much?
A three then C zero.
No.
So exercise plus one for exercising X plus one will make it as seven because this X is nothing but this
one.
Then call it self again by passing X comma C value is a three and then two x one more call.
Then in Discon, again, CSI on C minus one, subsea becomes how much it is three, so it becomes two,
then Nexxus exercise next plus one.
So this becomes eight.
Then again, it will call itself X Gamma C is it to two and two X.
We will see it afterwards.
Then again, call.
So it's common to be assigned to minus one.
So C becomes a much one.
C is it equal to zero.
No, not zero.
Then enter inside same X plus one.
So X becomes how much exercise.
X plus one.
So this is nothing but B only remember nine.
Then again call itself by passing F and that is X.
Gomaa sees how much one then into X and keeping it X only at every time.
Right.
I'm not taking the value that this one X Common-Law X on my one C assigned C minus one.
So C becomes how much.
Zero is a C equal to zero.
Yes C became zero.
A written one.
So this function returns one.
So now from here it will return back.
So this returns the same function that it becomes one one into X.
What is X now.
Nine nine.
This is nine.
This nine is written.
So this is the result.
This is nine in the X.
Now you go to X.
What is X nine only.
So this is into nine.
So this is nine squared.
So this is return to this one.
So this is nine squared into X.
What is nine X nine only.
So this is nine Q and this is written.
So this is nine two and two X.
What is X nine only.
So does this nine four.
And this is written.
So this is nine.
Bouwer four.
Yes, this is the answer.
So the answer is done by four nine point forty six five six one.
So yes, disdain for this question.
Now, if you've got the wrong answer means you have not done it properly, you have not referred to
this one every time.
And one more reason of getting a wrong answer is you are writing the values here.
First time it was six, then you wrote seven underneath the night.
So six, seven, eight, nine.
So you are multiplying this one in such form.
And one more mistake that we're were doing it.
You are increasing up to ten here.
Also, you are doing it up to ten.
So commonly this type of mistakes are possible if you're not solving it properly.
So this is the answer for this quiz question.
Next, we will go to the next question.
And our next question is this one.
A function is given and we have to find out what is the result of dysfunction, if it is called for
five value, five percent in five.
So we have to trace this one.
Let us do it first time I'm sending five so far, five fun of five.
Then.
These are local variables.
Yes, these are not static, so in every call, Exel become one.
Remember, this is also newly created in every call.
OK, we will use them and is equal to one --'s noid is not one that Forcier sign one to less than
one to less than in this.
One, two, three, four.
So Forcier, find one, two, three, four.
This is statements are repeated.
So one, two, three, four.
So many times they are repeated.
So let us do it.
This is a sign X plus what.
First one.
First one is what for North Carolina values.
What came out of this one.
So this is a one off, one comma and the minus one.
So what is then.
Fine fun of one in two phonons.
Four then plus because this is going to be added in two X every time.
So again, one more time.
So that time is how much you do right now is a two.
So this is the final four to end the fun of five minus two.
That is three then plus this isn't for loop.
Repeat one more time.
One more time.
So this is a continuum.
There is more space so fond of will be the three.
So this is a three in front of five, minus three as a two then plus one more time.
Now this time cavel before so far off for indoor fun of and the minus one that is in the minus kid that
is five minus for this one.
So so many calls for just four, not five.
Solenni calls are there.
This is complex.
You cannot solve it easily by using pen and paper.
So in this we should finish this one than this one.
So I don't know how much expansion this will take.
And this one and this one.
All these you should know, then multiply and get the result.
So this is not easy.
It's not easy then how to solve it.
So for solving this one will take another approach.
Let us see this one.
So here I will take the values of fun of M and for the values of.
And so I'll make it as a table.
Let us do it then I'll tell you why I'm taking table.
So first C what is the minimum value and is equal to one if any equals to one.
If I call this function bypassing one, not five.
If I call it by passing one, then what happens.
Let us get to that value.
OK, so first we will find small little value, then slowly will increase and get the value for five
years.
So that is the idea.
So then end this one.
What is the result.
Right on X.
What is X one.
So does one answer this one.
So now we know for of one as one fan of one is one.
Right.
The next one of two we need this also.
So I'm not making a tree and making a table.
So let us find an offer to solve one of two men swap.
So two months and it's not one it will enter here.
So how many times the slope will repeat K as one, K as one up to less than two.
So it will only for one time.
So let us do it.
So for final four to four two it will be X plus make fun of KS.
What one gives one in fun of doing minus one gives one night.
Only one time it will repeat.
Just observed that there's nothing to explain.
You have to read and understand.
So this for loop will repeat for only one time that statement.
I don't care.
So what are the values.
It's only this much.
That's only one time.
So how much is this.
This is X is how much.
One final one here.
We already know for off on this one.
OK, Digitas one in the form of two minus one to minus one is what one.
This is one.
Oh this like in front of one.
Already know how much it is one.
So this is one plus one in the one.
So one plus one and one is how much.
One plus one.
That is two.
Yes.
One of two is two three.
That it.
So we have another one also one of two also let us find one of three, let us find one of three three.
So one of three then.
It is a three X plus it is not the one.
So it will enter inside.
So this kid takes values from one to three.
So how does.
Repeat one and kill less than three months, one and two, two times it will repeat, so it will take
two this one time, one second to let us put it here.
So X plus fun off is one and one off and the minus.
So what is entry rate three three minus one plus one more time, which will repeat four plus it will
be accumulated in this one on added in this one.
So this time fun on four days.
How much do you think it has to.
So this is three minus two so far enough to enable fun of three minus two.
OK, I'll remove this.
So now let us solve it.
This is one OK, one plus four.
Last one we already know and this one in two.
What is this fun of.
Three minus one three minus one is too far off to.
What is the value of one of two we know it said is the benefit.
We already know small little value.
So this is one to two plus four of two.
It is to just rerouted two in the into four three minus two, three minus two is how much.
One last one is what one then total.
How this is one plus one two two two plus two in the one is two so this is five.
So if you got down to five so this is five now.
Next is four four and then of five.
That's all you can get it now for fun or for I will not read all these things directly.
I don't answer.
OK, then also four or five.
So I'll remove this and I will use the place for for formants KTXA values from one to less than four.
So Gay is going to take the values one, two and three.
So let us start exis one first time Fanaroff one will do four minus one.
So F off one and two four minus one.
So four minus one is what, a three plus F for four keys are two now.
So into four minus two as a two plus F of three games, three right now.
So treatments for fall minus three is one so holiness's.
So let us is this, this is one for one is how much.
One incoll.
One of three is how much.
What.
Five plus four of two is a two.
So this is twenty two.
That's one of three is a five in front.
Off one is one.
So hemolysis five plus five.
Ten ten plus four.
Fourteen plus one fifteen.
So this is fifteen then.
Final five.
Final five is how much.
One plus.
Now can we take the values.
One, two, three and four.
So Air Force One is one four for this.
Seems like this one is multiplied with four.
So four for this.
Fifteen plus two with the three.
So two with the three months, twenty five point five then plus then three in the boom.
So five in the two, five and the two.
If you have observed this then you can directly like this then forward into one.
So fifteen into one.
Fifteen to one.
How much distance.
One plus fifteen plus five to ten and five to 10 and 15.
Fifteen fifteen.
Thirty, forty, fifty, fifty one.
So the answer is fifty one.
So this is fifty one.
That said, there's dance.
So the main idea here is that we cannot find it by expanding it.
We cannot do that, then we have to start finding the smaller values, then we can get this done.
So that's all in discussion now.
One more question is there.
So let us look at the next question and which one.
Now, let us look at next question, Chris, one, since is the program given there's a function and
it is called for value voluntary, if you read this, the variables are and and there'd be only two
variables are there, but these are static.
So you remember when you have any static variable, you should take it separately.
So let us put it as one.
Now, what is difference?
Say, just decided.
OK, it's easy.
Let us do it.
So let us make a first call, C of three instead of down time saying just to see.
OK, so C of the count of three stack this one.
Yes.
This over this initial right.
We don't have to repeat it every time.
And so what is N three.
So print three.
OK, here I will write on the output, what we get.
So first time 3D printing then printed.
B, what is the deal.
It is printed now so devalue.
What is that one.
So one is printed.
So one is printed then B plus plus plus plus B becomes two.
If anything greater than one that count then minus one C A certificate.
That one it is three.
So count is call again for and the minus one sort of four to the next print.
But first of all colors that finished that column then print.
OK, printing will be done but not now afterwards then call for to continue from here again.
Calls itself so again printing is that.
So first print and and is how much to do next d d how much to do then the D plus plus plus plus D becomes
three and this is greater than one.
Yes.
Call itself then minus one.
So CS called four and the minus one to minus one one.
Then after that building is there but not now, it will be done afterwards.
See here also we left and we have to do it afterwards.
This time sees one come again like print and.
And this is what one print one then printed D how three so printed three then the plus plus.
So this is ok one is printed and 3d printer then D plus plus so deeply becomes how much forward then.
And this is greater than one.
No it's not greater than one.
So it doesn't cost.
So boarding is not a done but after that printing is there some printing is done.
So what is it for.
So now this is the end point is going to print now.
So this for for this printing.
There is no call for to go back, so it goes back to the previous.
So for this call, this is completed next year, their remaining print, this is print would be what
is the Ford?
So Ford is printed now.
Then this call finishes.
It goes back in this line like this one for this one.
It is in this call.
Now, this is a one Nixon's remaining.
What is that print.
But it won't be this.
How much for support is printed.
So this is Ford.
So the answer is three.
One, two, one three four four four instance.
So that's all it is the tracing and explanation of all questions.
Right.
So you can write this program and test them.
Also, you get the same result.
So that's all with the quiz.
One problems.